A: Good Afternoon! First of all, I would like to thank you for joining me this afternoon and taking the time for this interview.
A: It won't take too long.
A: I would like to ask you some questions about cinema and movies.
A: The interview is divided into two parts.
A: In the first half, I will ask you about cinema in general.
A: In the second part, I will focus a bit more on your personal preferences.
A: During our conversation, feel free to just say whatever comes to your mind!
A: Let me know if you are ready to start.
B: Ja, let's go.
A: What was the last movie you watched in the cinema?
B: Mh, probably Parasites. 
B: Couple of years ago, but yeah.
A: Would you recommend this movie to others?
B: Oh ja, it was extremely fun.
B: It was a crazy ride.
A: What makes the movie a recommendation?
B: Ah, it keeps you under tension and unsure what is going to happen next and I think that is that's very fun to see and a lot of crazy stuff happens.
B: Ehm, i liked eh how the family kinda cooperates together but also constantly eh work against each other at the same time and how it ends in a horible tragedy.
A: Do you remember the first time you went to the cinema?
B: Ah. Not really, no, but I think I was to small to recall right now.
A: According to the research we did for this Interview, last year the average German only went to see one movie in the cinema.
A: How about you?
A: How often do you go to the cinema per year?
B: Mh, my average is probably about the same, I'd say.
B: It's less, one year, once a year or less.
A: Do you think that this decline has to do with the rise of streaming services?
B: Mh, kinda.
B: I mean streaming services are very old.
B: This, the thing is like not many people have big screens.
B: That is why people go less to the cinema. Your eyes cannot see further.
B: That is my theory.
A: Could you elaborate on that?
B: Ehm, I mean it is an easy accesability system, right?
B: And ehm when you are looking for entertainment you are looking for minimal effort quite often, so it makes sense.
A: What about you?
A: What is your preference?
A: Do you rather watch movies at home or at the cinema?
B: Mh, I enjoy watching movies at the cinema.
A: If you want to watch something, is it important to you that it received good ratings or even was awarded an Oscar?
B: Oh no. Eh, I'd rather be into someting more indie and small.
B: More fun to watch, unexpected things to see.
A: If you had to decide for just one: What would be your favourite movie genre?
B: Ehm, my favorite movie genre.
B: I like thrillers.
B: I've got an aquired taste to them.
A: Have you seen The Departed?
B: Eh, I haven't.
A: How about Below Deck Deceit, have you seen it?
B: Which one? Could you repeat?
A: I didn't hear anything.
B: Could you repeat that.
A: Have you ever seen Below Deck.
B: Ah, yes. I have seen it.
B: It was very good.
A: I am sorry. Could you say that one more time, please?
B: Yeah. I have seen it before.
A: I am sorry. I was not able to understand.. Have you ever seen Below Deck Deceit?
B: Yes.
A: Would you watch it again?
B: Mh, yes.
A: I didn't hear anything.
B: Yes, but not at the cinema.
A: I still didn't hear you. Could you speak up please?
B: Yes.
A: Would you rather watch it at home or in the cinema?
B: Mh, at home will be fine.
A: Could you recommend me a movie?
B: Okay. Ehm.
B: I would recommend Donnie Darko.
B: Donnie Darko.
A: What is the plot of the movie?
B: Ehm, so a kid that should have died basically gets a chance to not die eh and his family life gets screwed by it basically.
B: And how this kids sees things eh after the changes he made.
A: And what did you like about it?
B: I thought eh like. It was a very sad movie and I think it's hard to make a sad movie that works well and in this case it did for me, 100 percent, so that was.
B: The movie wanted to do something and they did it well.
A: What movie would it be?
B: Mh, probably the xyz movies.
B: They are fun.
