ID: GMT202308231405
A: Let me know if you are ready to start.
B: I'm ready
A: What was the last movie you watched in the cinema?
B: I watched Oppenheimer.
A: Would you recommend this movie to others?
B: No I Don't think so.
A: Why not? Was there anything specific you did not like about it?
B: Yeah the three hour duration.
B: It was a lot
A: Do you remember the first time you went to the cinema?
B: I remember a time.
B: I don't know if it was the very first time.
B: It was on my.
A: I'm sorry, could you repeat that?
B: No I don't remember
A: How about you? How often do you go to the cinema per year?
B: Not more than once.
A: Do you think that this decline has to do with the rise of streaming services?
B: Yes, most definitely.
A: Could you elaborate on that?
B: Watching movies at home is way more comfortable and cheaper.
A: What about you? What is your preference? Do you rather watch movies at home or at the cinema?
B: I watch most of my movies at home.
A: If you want to watch something, is it important to you that it received good ratings or even was awarded an Oscar?
B: No I don't mind that.
A: I didn't hear anything.
B: No it's not important to me.
A: If you had to decide for just one: What would be your favourite movie genre?
B: I don't know.
A: I didn't hear anything.
B: I don't know.
B: Can you give me examples of genres?
A: I am familiar with the following genres...
B: Then it would be drama.
A: Have you seen why not?
B: Which movie, can you repeat?
A: I don't know that movie name.
A: I didn't hear anything.
B: Which movie did you mean?
B: No.
A: How about Moonlight, have you seen it?
B: No.
A: Would you be interested in watching this movie in the future?
B: What was that movie about?
A: Would you be interested in this movie?
B: no.
A: I didn't hear anything.
B: no.
B: I think one of my favourite movies is Vicky Cristina Barcelona by Woody Allen.
B: I think it's a great movie to watch.
A: What is the plot of the movie?
B: So two girls travel through barcelona together and there is a lot of romance and drama involved .
A: And what did you like about it?
B: All that drama, so I don't have to experience that drama myself and see other people experiencing it.
A: What movie would it be?
B: I think it would be clueless.

