ID: GMT202308231445
A: Let me know if you are ready to start.
B: Yes, thank you, I'm ready!
A: What was the last movie you watched in the cinema?
B: I think, maybe.
A: I didn't hear anything.
B: Maybe Captain Fantastic.
A: Would you recommend this movie to others?
B: Yeah I definitely would, it was great!
A: What makes this movie a recommendation?
B: It focued a lot..
A: I didn't hear antyhing.
B: It focused a lot on family relationships, all the, ehm, all the, ehm, outlooks of parents and children can clash, yeah.
A: Do you remember the first time you went to the cinema?
B: Ehm, no, I don't, I think I was too little to remember that.
A: How often do you go to the cinema?
B: I think I'm above average.
B: Maybe like four or five times a year?
A: Do you think the decline has to do with streaming servies?
B: Hmm, Yes I think so.
A: Could you ellaborate?
B: I mean, ehm, like..
B: Streaming services, you have to pay a fee monthly anyways, so it would be a lot of extra expenses when you can already watch a lot of movies at home, without extra money to got to the cinema.
B: It's not like, I don't know, like fifty or sixty years ago, when cinemas or movies were the only options you had for watching a film.
A: Do you prefer watching movies at home or at the cinema?
A: Hmm, If i have people to go with..
A: I dind't hear anything.
B: If I have people to go with, I prefer the cinema, yes.
A: I'm sorry, I did not understand.
B: I like going to the cinema.
A: Are ratings important for you?
B: No I don't really trust the academy and I do not care that much about critique ratings at least.
A: Favorite Genre?
B: What genres do you know about?
A: What is your Favorite movie genre?
B: I guess I like action movies.
A: Have you seen Chaos Rising?
B: No, I haven't even heard about it.
A: How about LOTR?
B: Yes I have seen it, several times actually.
A: Would you watch it again?
B: Yeah definitely.
A: at home or in the cinema?
B: Given the choiche, I'd prefer to watch it in the cinema.
A: I dind't hear anything.
B: In the cinema.
A: Recommend me a movie.
B: Do you know station for two?
A: What is the plot?
B: It's about a convict and the station waitress that spend a lot of time together and start going closer eventually.
B: It's a romantic movie and also a comedy.
A: What did you like about it?
B: I enjoyed the music and the easy-going pace of the film.
A: Which movie would you watch for the rest of your life?
B: Probably a documentary.
