A: Good Afternoon! First of all, I would like to thank you for joining me this afternoon and taking the time for this interview.
A: It won't take too long.
A: I would like to ask you some questions about cinema and movies.
A: The interview is divided into two parts.
A: In the first half, I will ask you about cinema in general.
A: In the second part, I will focus a bit more on your personal preferences.
A: During our conversation, feel free to just say whatever comes to your mind!
A: Let me know if you are ready to start.
B: Ready.
A: What was the last movie you watched in the cinema?
B: Oppenheimer.
A: Would you recommend this movie to others?
B: I would recommend the movie to others, yes.
A: What makes the movie a recommendation?
B: It is an interesting movie.
B: A well-known movie I think.
B: It is a blockbuster and ehm.
B: It is a movie everyone or most of people will have seen after a while.
B: So it is a bit like Star Wars ehm.. must have film to see, I think.
A: Going back in time a little.
A: Do you remember the first time you went to the cinema?
B: First time? Ehm. I think I do, yes. 
B: Should I elaborate? Sorry.
A: What do you still remember about it? Like the movie, the cinema or the year?
B: Oh God. The year, I don't, it must be 2000 or 2001 maybe or even in the late 1990s.
B: Most likely it would have been a cinema in my hometown.
B: In Hagen.
B: And the movie, I think, was The Little Witch.
B: If that is the right translation at least from the German original title.
B: It would have been most likely with my father.
B: I would say.
A: Moving on to cinema in general.
A: According to the research we did for this Interview, last year the average German only went to see one movie in the cinema.
A: How about you?
A: How often do you go to the cinema per year?
B: Ehm, in average more than one time for sure. 
B: Ehm, of course not during Corona years eh, but in general I would say five to six times including like outdoor cinemas or ehm little cinemas.
B: Yes, five to six times on average.
A: Do you think that this decline has to do with the rise of streaming services?
B: Excuse me, when was it normal to fo two times, which year?
A: 2002.
B: Oh okay. Ehm, yes, could be.
B: Ehm, the rise of streaming services and maybe also the prices in the cinema, since they.
B: To be honest, I don't know how high they were when I was a child.
B: Ehm, since I didn't have to pay back then, but I think they increased much more over the last years and other things increase so just become kind of a luxury to go to the cinema maybe.
A: What about you?
A: What is your preference?
A: Do you rather watch movies at home or at the cinema?
B: I rather watch movies in the cinema than at home.
A: If you want to watch something, is it important to you that it received good ratings or even was awarded an Oscar?
B: Ehm, so I would say, I care what other people think, my group of friends and family.
B: Ehm, I also look for reviews, sure.
B: I guess everyone does, maybe not directly and only, everyone will google a movie and then automatically see the rating.
B: Ehm, Oscars I don't really care that much, because also at the same time when I watch movie in the cinema the Oscar will be half a year later, normally.
B: Ehm. Yes, but I would not go to a movie which has really bad reviews online and also friends tell me it is bad.
A: If you had to decide for just one: What would be your favourite movie genre?
B: I would, I I think I would go for ehm ehm alternative movies.
A: I am not sure I understand.
B: No okay. No, no, no. Then let's make it easy and say action.
A: Have you seen Die Hard?
B: No, I did not see that movie.
A: How about The Lord of the Rings: Return of the King, have you seen it?
B: I did see the The Lord of the Rings: Return of the King, not in the cinema, because I was young when it debuted, but eh I saw it at home.
A: Would you watch it again?
B: I would watch it again, yes.
A: Would you rather watch it at home or in the cinema?
B: If I would get the chance to watch it again in the cinema I would really love to see it in the cinema.
A: Could you recommend me a movie?
B: If I had to recommend a movie from any genre, I would recommend the movie The Death of Stalin, which is a comedy or a dark comedy.
A: What is the plot of the movie?
B: The plot of the movie is basically, so it is an American movie played by American film stars. 
B: They play ehm the last days of Stalin, how he died and how the politburo of the communist Soviet Russian date reacts to the sudden death and all the weird and entertaining but really real stuff which happened around it.
A: And what did you like about it?
B: Ehm. It's notion of sarcasm.
B: Its very dark and very honest way of telling things, which gives it eh momen of ehm of fun actually.
A: If you had to choose one movie that you have to watch for the rest of your life, which movie would it be?
B: Eh. Probably it would be The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King.

