ID: GMT202308241120
A: Let me know if you are ready to start
B: Yeah.
A: What was the last movie you watched in the cinema?
B: Oppenheimer.
B: About three weeks ago I think.
A: Would you recommend this movie to others?
B: I would highly recommend it, yes.
A: What makes the movie a recommendation?
B: It's a Christopher Nolan movie so.
B: Fantastic cast, fantastic story and fantastic style of editing and just shooting a movie in general.
A: Do you remember the first time you went to the cinema?
B: I think I do.
B: That was probably the jungle book.
B: Somewhere in the 90's.
A: What do you remember about it?
B: I don't remember the year, I don't remember the cinema, but I think I was impressed by the big screen, I think.
B: I happen.. I don't remember watching a movie before that was drawn and had a bunch of songs that were very catchy.
B: So I think those two.
A: How often do you go to the cinema per year?
B: Probably during the last year, uhm, one properly hits the spot but the years before that I went very regularly.
B: I went almost five to ten times I wanna say.
A: Do you think the decline has to do with the rise of streaming servives?
B: Probably.
B: Because I think people probably still went to the cinema when there were CDs and Blu-Rays so it was quite easy still to get them but streaming makes it a lot easier because you usually get all the movies that used to be in the cinema.
B: It's just a matter of waiting a coiple of months and then you get them for free or included in your package. Ehm.
B: Yeah, probably has to be streaming or its a very big part of it and also that people are probably not willing to pay the money for cinemas because its fairly expensive so they get the streaming pass anyways so they might as well jsut wait a couple of months.
A: What is your preference?
B: I found that a lot of movies that are worth watching had their number declined, so for me its a matter of, does a big screen or a big sound system make a difference?
B: Coming back to Oppenheimer, that one was shot for IMAX so it makes sense, watching it on the bigger screen.
B: Same for dunk kirk, you probably don't get the same experience at home.
B: If it's a light comedy, I don't have to necessarily go to the cinema.
B: It doesnt add to the experience, so thats how I can weigh the decision.
B: Does it add, does a big screen add something big to the experience that I can not reproduce at home.
A: Preferences when it comes to watching movies.
B: Certainly not an Oscar, because I always found that once I started watching movies that won an Oscar, many of them I couldnt really, I hardly ever enjoyed them.
B: So the Oscar I don't really care too much.
B: I think the reatings do play into that, so IMDB for example is a great source or rotten tomatoes, where at least you get an understanding, is it worth watching.
B: Unless there is a special actor or a story that I dont really bother watching or looking for ratings beforehand.
B: I just go and watch it.
B: So it's really dependent on the movie, the story, the genre.
B: For example, Christopher Nolan, I would just go without looking at the ratings or the critics or.
A: Favorite movie genre?
B: Just one?
B: Ehm, probably comedy.
A: Have you seen single dad 2?
B: No I have not seen that one.
A: What about Birdmap?
B: Bird map, bird map, bird map.
B: The name does ring a bell, but I'm pretty certain I haven't seen that one either.
B: No, no, no.
A: It's the highest rated movie on IMDB.
B: Maybe thats why the name sounds familiar.
A: would you watch it?
B: Birdmap?
B: Ehm, probably, if I find it on a streaming service.
B: I don't think I would necessarily go and rent it somewhere.
A: So you would watch it rather at home and not at the cinema?
B: Yeah, exactly!
A: I watched it at home..
A: Recommend me a movie.
B: Recommend a movie?
B: Ehm, well I mean the last one, because I've seen it.
B: Oppenheimer was fantastic and I think a must-watch.
B: I know many people watched Barbie, which I haven't seen, so I can't really talk to that.
B: A movie that maybe is not super well known, but its not really a comedy, more like a romentic comedy, Serendipity.
B: It's called in German, weil es dich gibt. 
B: It's not really well known, but I would highly recommend it.
A: What is the plot?
B: The plot is.
B: So the two actors is John Cusack I think is his name and Kate Beckinsale.
B: They are strangers who meet somewhere in a Warehouse because I think one wants to buy a pair of gloves and they have this one last pair, they went for it at the same time and then they went out for a coffe.
B: But she was engaged already and he was sorft of.. 
B: They kind of come back and forth and they kind of lost sight of each other.
B: And for the plot, which I dont want to reveal, because that kind of destroys the movie, he finds her again and..
B: You know its a romantic comedy, so its, very very simple.
B: Its the plot but its very well made and has some nice side-actors that play really well into, ehm, the story of the movie and kinda make it like not so serious.
A: What did you like about it?
B: Ehm, fantastic soundtrack.
B: That's not one of those composed soundtracks, just mixed with different artists, which I, some of them I know before but I didnt know the songs.
B: So it's super nice, easy to watch, the soundtrack is interesting.
B: It plays in New York.
B: It plays at christmas time and I watched it back then with my best friend.
B: We watched it together, so that probably also plays into having a bit of a nostalgia element to it.
A: What movie would you watch for the rest of your life?
B: That is..
B: Probably would be a close race between Gladiator and Remember the Titans.
B: So I'm probably leaning toward Gladiator, just because the soundtrack is even better.
B: So that would be my answer, Gladiator.
