ID: GMT202308241150g
A: Let me know when you are ready to start.
B: Ready, yeah.
A: What was the last movie you watched in the cinema?
B: Oppenheimer
A: Would you recommend this movie to others?
B: Yes, definitely, big recommendation!
A: What makes the movie a recommendation?
B: Ehm, I think what I'm still left is the feeling I had when I left the Theatre. 
B: It was, t took you in.
B: It was very.
B: I guess the way it was made, the actors, the story I mean you know It's based on true events yet they made it so mesmerizing and yeah I don't know.
B: It was, It was three hours long which really for me is too long and you know towards the end I keep looking at my watch and I think you know is it over soon, but not with this one.
B: They did a really good job at keeping focused and staying with the story, yeah.
B: So I think the combination of actors, the story itself and just the way it was made and yeah.
B: How they built up the story and yep.. so I think that.. yeah
A: Do you remember the first time you went to the cinema?
B: No I don't.. hm.. I don't think so.. no..
A: That's understandable
B: I mean as a kid it was probably some disney movie.. but I don't even know where and Who I went with.. maybe my sister.
B: but that's just me guessing.. I do not recall.
A: How about you? How often do you go to the cinema per year?
B: So when I think about pre-covid times.. uhm.. I went quite often.. more often.. more than we used to.. so maybe 5 times a year... kinda.. yeah
B: I guess it always depended on what movie was coming out  but it was also always very nice to have this kind of event to meet with friends, right?
B: So sometimes it wasn't just the movie the reason why we went. 
B: It was just a thing you could do to spend time with your friends so.. uhm.. yeah.. 
B: Pre-covid I would say at least 5 times a year
B: After covid, less... but we've been really busy so we haven't really had the time to go and watch something so maybe this year it might be just three times a year.. yeah.. I.. 
B: Five times sounds about right
B: Uhm for, when avarage, when there  is nothing else crazy going on.. five times.. probably.. yeah.. 
A: Do you think that this decline has to do with the rise of streaming services?
B: Yeah, I would say so..
A: Could you elaborate on that?
B: Well before streaming services, all you had to watch movies was german television.. and we don't have.. we don't have a cable connection right now..
B: We're at my parents or at my in-laws and we watch german TV..
B: It's terrible what they are showing, so.. uhm.. 
B: I can definitely see how that's just not appealing to a lot of people anymore so they use streaming services because they can just pick and choose whatever they feel like and they can watch it..
B: And yes I do think that..  that.. 
B: I mean going to the movies has become really expensive too.. so i think that kinda plays into that, right? You save the money you would spend to go to the movies..
B: And you know you, you decide to pay for the streaming services instead and you have so many more movies you can watch so I think it's a combination maybe of both.. 
B: The availability of streaming services, but also the movies getting a lot more expensive.. Think of a family with two kids.. 
B: I mean it's crazy how much you spend for one day.. going to the movies.. Yeah.. that's what I think.
A: What about you? What is your preference? Do you rather watch movies at home or at the cinema?
B: Hmm.. I guess it depends on the kind of movie.. Uhm.. 
B: If there's a movie where there has been a lot of hype and they just kinda you know.. In the news..
B: Or you know you read about you see trailers and you don't wanna wait till its available for streaming
B: And yes.. uhm.. I would go and watch that.. uhm.. but yeah, only if there's a movie out that's definitely sparks my interest, otherwise, yeah you know. 
B: I have so much more to choose from when I look at the streaming service and I can pick and choose whatever I feel like on that day.. and so..
B: I can't really compare them because going to the movies.. It's going out, right?
B: And you get out of the house which is nice and maybe you meet with friends and maybe you go to dinner before or after so you make it like this whole event where watching it at home is kinda.. 
B: just turning it on and sitting on the couchh.. so..
B: So going to the movies feels more special.. but..so yes, I do prefer it, if there's something interesting or they are showing something that I'm interested in and maybe something that's even wort watching in the movies.. 
B: You know the kind of movie where you wanna have the big screen and, you know, that Oppenheimer movie is a great example.. yeah.. like just a romcom or something like that.. we can that at home.
B: We don't need to go to the movies for that, so.. It just kind of always depends..
A: If you want to watch something, is it important to you that it received good ratings or even was awarded an Oscar?
B: Uhm.. I find Oscar.. winning movies always a little weird.. So.. uhm.. 
B: I tend to not watch them, because I watched a couple in the past and I did not like them, or you know at the end i was left with a lot of questions..
B: And you know wondering how this movie won an Oscar.. or multiple.. Ehm.. so.. No.. Oscar ratings not really ehm.. 
B: But generel ratings on the internet so if I look at. 
B: You know, what are we going to watch tonight, right.. and so you have a couple of suggestions from Netflix for example..
B: I tend to sometimes look them up on my phone and look at user ratings to then decide.. okay.. should I take the two hours to watch it but if it has really poor ratings.. 
B: I might look for something else.. so yes, user Ratings I find online.. yes.. I do pay attention to those, but Oscar.. Award.. no.. don't care													
A: If you had to decide for just one: What would be your favourite movie genre?
B: Ehm.. Anime movies is still my favourite genre.. uhm.. all the minion movies.. finding Nemo.. whatnot.. 
B: Disney movies.. That's what I like and that's what always.. you know  no matter what year we are in.. That's kind of what works for me..
B: When I'm sick on the couch, that's what I'll watch, because It'll make me feel better so yeah, that's what I usually go for.
A: Have you seen Sunflower?
B: No.. doesn't even ring a bell.. Is it a german movie.. or an english movie?
A: How about Wall-E, have you seen it?
B: yeah.
A: Would you watch it again?
B: It's a kind of Disney movie I've only watched one and I liked it but i didn't like it as much to watch it again, but it has been a while so by now I might be open to watching it again..  								
A: Would you rather watch it at home or in the cinema?
B: At home.. especially since I'm kinda on the fence.. you know.. did I really like it, or not? So you know.. I ..
B: I'd just watch it at home and see. 		
A: Could you recommend me a movie?
B: I mean.. again..
B: Any of the Minion movies, because they're.. 
B: I really like them and my favourite animation movie of all time would be finding nemo, so In case you haven't seen that, one which I doubt, that would be my recommendation..
B: I've seen it so many times and yeah.. 
A: What is the plot of the movie?
B: It's about this.. this fish called Nemo.. ehm.. who kind of swims off into the open ocean and gets caught by this boat and taken into a fish tank at a dentist office and then his father is going on this big journey trying to find him and meets Dory on the way, which is another fish..
B: Very funny.. so together they try to find Nemo and bring him back home and yeah.
B: It's very very funny.
A: And what did you like about it?
B: Ehm.. the characters..
B: I mean Dory is just adorable, she has short term memory loss so she says and asks things over and over again and that's just hilarious on it's own.
B: Yeah and then, the characters they meet along the way.. It's just really well made.. ehm.. the Dialogues are really nice too and so yeah..
B: Just that overall capturing story of you know.. It's just a movie for kids but I feel like even for adults its a great movie.
A: What movie would it be?
B: Yeah, maybe finding Nemo..
B: I watched it so many times that I feel like I could watch it over and over again..
B: Maybe switch up the language every once in a while, so watch it in English, watch it in German... 													
													
																									
													
																								
													
																								
													
																			
													
													
